LISA
BLACKPINK THE MOVIE
It was the most fun I had in my life.
A LISA FILM
And I had the best time of my life.
Like for the rest of my life,
I think I’ll continue to remember
that moment, that feeling.
A lot of things happened.
There were happy times,
and there were sad times.
I think those were the happiest times.
Oddly, when I try
to recollect difficult times,
I can’t seem to remember them.
I just erase everything
that has to do with difficult times
from my mind without realizing it.
I don’t think
I’m overly positive or outgoing.
I am a normal person
just like everyone else.
Every day I’m like this.
I’m like this every day.
I knew what I wanted to do
since I was young.
I believe I am a very lucky person.
I had a clear goal
to become a superstar in the future.
I worked hard to make my dream come true.
I try to think that I am happy,
without having to stress out too much.
I hope others could also think like that.
Life is super short.